so the way we catch goats
we don't tranquilize them at all
they just what they do is they
take a helicopter and they fly
until they find a goat and they
can have it in an area that's
relatively flat they can catch
it and they shoot a net out of a
neck done which basically in the
angles the animal then they have
what's called a mother get out
and mobilize the animal they put
hobbles on its legs so it can't
kick the blindfolded so it can't
see them to put the animal in a
bag sling it needs the
helicopter back to the staging
area for process
yeah
now the reason we net is that
the others
the different options that you
can do wanted to try to trap
them but now i have country be
very difficult if we tranquilize
them
usually it takes at least five
minutes before that dart work so
they could really run anywhere
off a cliff
just get the spot where you want
to do wait
physical examination come in you
take some samples or health
surveillance and we completely
injuries and treat them and we
just issue of the animals are
treated the way they should be
we'll do some ultrasound
measurements from a take some
other various measurements on
the and the radio collar on it
and then take it and put it into
a box where it will be
transported to a different unit
and least since
yeah